most advertisement the worse
advertisement and our first nominee
ladies and gentleman the worst ad for
the earth hey mama
I see like Lobby older gentleman also
laughingly jacker VI of Tehran is one of
the dream girl dream good I think she's
been selling this mineral water for such
a long time she doesn't know any other
way of how to talk to people like let me
let me let me give you an example of how
this works right
hamaji what is the GDP of Peru kp5
lagana him as you go to the capital of
China
Kentaro beautify Ghana
okay what is 2+2 Jarrah beautifier okay
you watch Augustus Economo Bobby let's
move on to our next nominee hang on
nominee hi is not many hoggonomics yeah
because Revital being nominated
have you guys seen the side you have
seen the side it's it is the epidemic in
not giving your fuck this is my favorite
still from the edges Salman is catching
a rugby ball in front of a soccer net in
fact I don't think someone gets sports
at all I don't think afternoon I think I
think I want to watch someone play chess
just someone like game the okay
beautiful gamer Wow just born they go
camp utiful I can a beautiful like a
finisher is chess go key initiative okay
beautiful a Oh on a game it's a logical
game a I like logic bro get to the
logical ending how I smash my camel a
camel it's my elephant a horse a horse
or a tiger beer next nominee is the only
thing good about this ad is that they
actually got the casting a little bang
on right like they wanted this North
Indian bubbly annoying bitch right so
they castle on v-j and whatever I don't
understand I don't understand why
anybody would want Reliance Internet to
begin with why would you want to give
any money to that extended family that
made that god-awful until our building
have you seen that that's their money
showing bond below finger let's say
convenient
Gujarati building right typical goes up
if I have a class me I ugly building
that is so bad you guys remember the
most famous DIY picture the picture
where he is staring like if the shoes of
I'm from Paris again
I mean bum bum like even he is watching
this ad and he's like Army Medical
Chucho let's move on to our next a
degree this is a great ad because
Amitabh is probably the only person in
this country who can sell a dry state he
is the only person who can sell
attracted and you remember the best
press conference for this handles great
it's like Amitabh coming out saying go
come to Gujarat we have we have roads we
have development I say can we get
alcohol we have roads we have to give
forestry of development that America for
a front animal desert we have Sabah with
the ashram we have so many things so
dinner at 2 p.m. and everything get the
idea go I'm gonna suck in the other
please I'm I'm sorry please come again
say harder than failed to be associated
with the state run by accused mass
murderer mr. Modi
you